week_5-6/class-14/README.md, before:

# Week 5-6 Class-14

# Reading Reminder
* [Chart.js and Canvas API Articles](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/990777/assignments/4229967)

# Assignment for Class

Using ChartJS, add a bar chart to the app under the images on the page, where your list/table used to reside. You can get rid of the list/table now... but the process of making it gave you the command over your data that you'll need for making a chart, so it was not wasted energy or effort. In fact, you may want to comment it out and keep it around as a reference until you have the chart going.

Here's some resources and tips on getting Chart.js added to your vote tracker:
- The Chart.js docs (Links to an external site.), which include a lot of helpful code examples
- The ChartJS intro article (Links to an external site.) we looked at in class
- The repo for Sam's demo (Links to an external site.) (Links to an external site.) that we played with in class today
- Remember: the key to getting a chart going is the three pieces that Scott mentioned in class... check your notes for a reminder.
- Most important: get your data packed up properly
- Did you remember your `<canvas>` element?

As we've been doing all along, you should be working on different things in different branches in your repo, pushing them all  to GitHub along the way, and merging them when things are the way you want. You've been doing that, right?

[Submit Your Work](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/990777/assignments/4229997)

## User Stories (MVP)
 - As a user, I want x, so that y.
 - As a developer, I want x, so that y.
 - As a designer, I want x, so that y.

## Technical Requirements
 -
 -
 -

## User Stories (Stretch)
 - As a user, I want x, so that y.
 - As a developer, I want x, so that y.
 - As a designer, I want x, so that y.

## Helpful Resources
[Problem Domain](../assets/README.md)
[Raw Image Assets](../assets/imgs)

Commit message:

Update class 14 example code, and user stories for chart.js from in-class workshop

week_5-6/class-14/README.md, after:

# Week 5-6 Class-14

# Reading Reminder
* [Chart.js and Canvas API Articles](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/990777/assignments/4229967)

# Assignment for Class

Using ChartJS, add a bar chart to the app under the images on the page, where your list/table used to reside. You can get rid of the list/table now... but the process of making it gave you the command over your data that you'll need for making a chart, so it was not wasted energy or effort. In fact, you may want to comment it out and keep it around as a reference until you have the chart going.

Here's some resources and tips on getting Chart.js added to your vote tracker:
- The Chart.js docs, linked in resources below, which include a lot of helpful code examples
- Remember: the key to getting a chart going is the three pieces that Scott mentioned in class... check your notes for a reminder.
- Most important: get your data packed up properly
- Did you remember your `<canvas>` element?

As we've been doing all along, you should be working on different things in different branches in your repo, pushing them all to GitHub along the way, and merging them when things are the way you want. You've been doing that, right?

[Submit Your Work](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/990777/assignments/4229997)

## User Stories (MVP)
- As a developer, I want to present my data in a bar chart format on the webpage using the Chart.js library.
- As a developer, I want to gather user data and present in a clear & accurate manner so that the marketer is able to understand it.
- As a developer, I want to use an open source library to create my charts so that I don't have to write 3700 lines of code to make the chart.

- As a user, I want to be able to view my results.
- As a user, I want to see a tally of all the products I've selected.
- As a user, I want the chart to show only my preferences, not the preferences of other people.
- As a user, I want a graphical representation of each time all images were clicked so that I can tell which products I preferred
- As a user, I want colors and a nice design so that I have a polished user experience

- As a marketer I want a visual representation of the popularity of the products so that I can determine which will sell the most so I can make monies.
- As a marketer I want to see all options displayed with their amount of “picks” in a way that I can make quick comparisons.
- As a marketer I want a reset button so that I can have the game start over for a new user but continue aggregating data to make comparisons across a group of consumers… So I can sell shit and make $$$$$$.
- As a marketer, I want to be able to tally the products that are not selected, not just the products that are selected.
- As a marketer, I want to be able to hone in on the most preferred item, as opposed to just a set of preferred items.

## Technical Requirements
 - Work completed on a branch, with great, regular commit history, and well written commit messages
 - Bar chart completed as part of the MVP (If you choose to try another chart after you finish the bar chart, do it on a separate branch.)
 - Updated README

## User Stories (Stretch)
- As a developer, I would like to track other meta data (clicks per view)
Products are presented in such a way that the app starts with showing all products randomly and then starts showing targeted items to pinpoint the most preferred item.
- As a user, I want to be able to select the chart type (e.g. pie vs. bar) to suit my preferences.
- As a user, I want a percentage display with the chart so that I have a numerical reference to go with the graphical one
- As a marketer, I want the user to quickly see her preferences from most to least favorable.
- As a marketer, I want to see the # appearances vs. # votes so I know how the survey was presented.
- As a marketer, I want to be able to compare specific products so that I can compare subsets.


## Helpful Resources
[Problem Domain](../assets/README.md)
[Raw Image Assets](../assets/imgs)
[Chart.JS Docs](http://www.chartjs.org/docs)
